I will come back to the student.
So we added a really cool functionality right.
We added this forgot password feature.
Now if you notice here on the sidebar that BHB This is the code for that new feature.
Keep in mind that we are only testing for pose requests so we have a search OK that is actually requesting
at Port meant method is actually tranced communicating with a POST request right and we also have a
log in.
So this if we leave it that way it is our search is not going to work on your percent.
So if we try searching for let's say bootstrap and click here that's going to redirect of course because
that's what our code is doing here for those and if this is not set OK then we are actually redirecting
here.
So for our search to actually work right we just have to create to make this a little better so we can
just say if we said
post Logan OK because we have that log in variable inside the input right the two of you need a match
of it without value.
So we put this like this we should be good to go.
OK.
That just organizes a little bit.
Let's go back and check it out.
So now if I do a booster up again Antar you can see that we are able to find that specific search which
is great.
OK.
So that's one way that you can refactor that.
And again you can take this to a whole function if you want it to.
But I think it's pretty good for why we need it.
OK.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lectures.
Take care.